[Music]
eight things highly intelligent people
refused to do we constantly hear about
the principle smart people live by and
the habits that make them successful but
what about the things they don't do
maybe these no no's help them on their
way to the top just as much as the stuff
they make sure to do let's take a look
at what things highly intelligent people
avoid doing and how this influences
their lives for the better but before we
start don't forget to subscribe to our
Channel and turn on post notifications
so that you won't miss any of our new
videos
[Music]
number eight they always try to save
money one of the many useful skills
clever people certainly possess is being
in control of their finances hmm there
are a lot of minor changes you can make
in your day-to-day life to save a bit of
cash in the short term and possibly even
a lot in the long run don't worry it
won't make your life less comfortable at
all but instead make it way easier for
instance installing a water filter on
your faucet will save you the trouble of
spending money on bottled water
refilling your ink cartridges instead of
buying new ones again and again is
another great little money-saving trick
you can use hmm
Plus nowadays there's all kinds of cool
stuff you can find online for free smart
people don't just waste money everywhere
they go they know its value and take
full advantage of what they already have
number seven they don't rely on others
it's always good to know that there are
people in your life that you can depend
on but constantly relying on someone
else makes you weaker and intelligent
people know that you can be incredibly
bright and talented but if you always
wait for somebody to solve your problems
you won't go far just stop and think
can't you make it work yourself
your fear of doing something wrong is
just an imaginary roadblock standing in
your own way maybe you're a bit on the
lazy side and want someone else to take
the responsibility it sounds cliche but
it's your job to take the reins of your
life other people have their own
problems to worry about so stop waiting
for miracles and start creating them for
yourself
number six they don't agree with
something they don't like know is one of
the most useful words ever and you
shouldn't be afraid to use it it saves
you time helps you steer clear from
unwanted obligations and make sure life
way easier hmm of course it's great to
help people but you shouldn't forget
about yourself as well know your Worth
and value your time don't say yes when
your inner voice is screaming no pay
attention to your feelings and listen to
your heart if you really don't want to
do it then it probably isn't worth it
number five they don't hold grudges
being mad after a huge fight with your
friend or loved one is completely normal
it's just human nature and one of the
ways our mind reacts to stress but being
ticked off even after a long period of
time hurts just one person and that's
you hmm
you collect negativity instead of
letting it go which only results and you
constantly feeling stressed out what's
worse over time this tension can even
take a real toll on your health you
don't want to go down that road now do
you the truth is that holding grudges is
useless and doesn't help the situation
at all learn to let go and free yourself
of any negative energy only good will
come of it and your life will become
much brighter number four they don't
count on luck that's right smart people
basically don't rely on anything hope
for the best but prepare for the worst
is there life motto and this isn't just
cynical pessimism either intelligent
people would just rather be ready for
any possible outcome their hope that
everything's gonna be all right
motivates them while their preparation
for the worst helps them not feel so
disappointed if it doesn't work out
Locke is extremely rare so if it's
falling into your lap by chance grab it
and run with it because you might not
get another chance
oh but just sitting around doing nothing
but waiting for serendipity won't get
you far work hard and create
opportunities for yourself you're
capable of way more than you think
number three they don't give up on their
ideas if somebody doesn't like them
constructive criticism is great if you
can take it it lets you see all the
drawbacks and imperfections of your
ideas so that you can improve on them
but the key here is to take it with a
grain of salt and don't let it crush
your spirit or motivation hmm just
because a couple of people think that
it's not gonna work doesn't mean that
you should quit doing something you love
read any famous person's autobiography
and you'll see there was always at least
one person in their life who told them
that what they're doing is completely
useless if these people had given up
right there on the spot we would have
lost tons of amazing singers actors
inventors entrepreneurs and the list
goes on and on nobody knows what the
future holds so just learn your lessons
from all the criticisms and keep going
[Music]
number two they don't dwell on the past
everybody makes mistakes it's human
nature and a huge part of our learning
process oh smart people aren't ashamed
of blunders and don't constantly replay
them over and over again in their minds
on the contrary they cherish and
appreciate them allowing every mistake
to make them better not miserable it
doesn't matter whether your past was
horrible and you just keep punishing
yourself for it or it was awesome and
you just keep reminiscing about how good
life was just like holding grudges
dwelling on the past is useless hmm it
devours your present and future learn to
live fully in the here and now it's what
you're doing in this very moment that
determines how amazing your life will be
in the future number one they don't let
other people bring them down you can't
really consider someone happy if their
well-being and confidence totally depend
on other people's opinions intelligent
people realize that and know that not
everybody is going to like them and
that's okay
because just like all other people they
are here to be liked they know how to
make themselves happy and feel
comfortable in their own skin
they respect other points of view but
don't let them affect or control their
lives what a wise outlook on things
right definitely worthy of following and
taking notes which one of these points
do you think is the most necessary one
to live by tell us in the comments below
don't forget to click subscribe to stay
on the bright side of life
you